# AI_in_Travel_Industry
The purpose of the present article is to highlight the role of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Robotics in the  tourism industry. The various technologies being integrated to improve the service and customer experience  in tourism. The expected changes and challenges in tourism in the future are focused in this paper.
The rise of internet technologies and services in the past 15 years has significantly changed the travel industry. Throughout the years, only a few companies have established a monopolistic position in this trillion-dollar market. They created elaborated ecosystems that are centralized and have moved away from the most 
important aspects of the ecosystem — the value of host and guest. Some online travel agencies do not stand out because they fail to provide an adequate facility description since there is no option to highlight interesting or unique details of their offering. This centralized and rehashed approach leads to monotone content and 
prevents the industry from evolving. The main challenges of Service Providers, such as accommodations, travel activities, transports, and events in the travel industry. Challenges of Technology providers — channel managers, property management systems, revenue management systems, booking engines. 
In this article, we have discussed some popular applications of AI and how they operate. As discussed, be it by air or sea, there are potential ways passengers and travel companies can utilize AI to make the journey an efficient and smooth one while maintaining customer satisfaction at a higher level.
